DOCS-8728 LLM Observability API Reference Edit (#24732)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/setup/api.md

| value   | string | Input or output value. This should be used for all spans except for LLM spans. |
| messages| [[Message](#message)] | List of messages. This should only be used for LLM spans. |

**Note**: When only `input.messages` is set for an LLM span, Datadog infers `input.value` from `input.messages` and uses the following inference logic:

1. If a message with `role=user` exists, the content of the last message is used as `input.value`. 

> 1. If a `user` role message is not present, the content is inferred by concatenating all messages that do not have the `role=system` or `role=function`.

Reviewer: Just recently updated the logic to be
- "input.value is inferred by concatenating the `content` field of all messages"
(so there's no role exclusion)

> **Note**: When only `input.messages` is set for an LLM span, Datadog infers `input.value` from `input.messages` and uses the following inference logic:
> 
> 1. If a message with `role=user` exists, the content of the last message is used as `input.value`. 
> 1. If a `user` role message is not present, the content is inferred by concatenating all messages that do not have the `role=system` or `role=function`.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: When only `input.messages` is set for an LLM span, Datadog infers `input.value` by concatenating the content fields of all messages, regardless of their roles.
```

| value   | string | Input or output value. This should be used for all spans except for LLM spans. |
| messages| [[Message](#message)] | List of messages. This should only be used for LLM spans. |

**Note**: When only `input.messages` is set for an LLM span, Datadog infers `input.value` from `input.messages` and uses the following inference logic:

1. If a message with `role=user` exists, the content of the last message is used as `input.value`.

> 1. If a `user` role message is not present, `input.value` is inferred by concatenating the content fields of all messages, regardless of their roles.

Reviewer: is this supposed to be "2."?

Author: This is fine actually, our doc builds it as a numbered list of instructions :D
